Okay, after playing with five
by five isolation for a bit.
The average branching
factor seems to be about 8.
So we now get an estimate
of 8 to the 25th nodes.
>> That's about 10 to the 22nd nodes.
>> Great,
that means we only have to wait for
around 1.2 million years
to get our answer.
>> Yeah,
you're not going to be alive by then.
>> Them dang kids, no good
>> Thanks.
>> No problem.
>> Okay.
That means we need to be more clever
about how we make a computer player for
isolation.
The exponential growth of the game
tree means we can't brute force
the problem and search for
the end-game easily.
In general, more interesting games
will not be searchable til the end.
Either the branching factor is
too large, or the depth, or both.
When the number of nodes,
which we can estimate by branching
factor to the depth power.
Starts becoming comparable to the number
of seconds remaining in the life of
the universe.
We know we are in trouble.